Why are you pretending to be Mrs. Feng?
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
You are the eldest lady of the Zhou family
Good-looking and talented
It's easy to enjoy the compliments of the crowd
But you pretended to be Mrs. Feng
Have you ever thought how much a real lady would have in her heart?
diaphragm
Who are you?
Don't educate me
If only the company knew
I am Fu Yanchen
Director Ji, they must be licking their faces to please me
I'm impatient
My husband works under Mr. Feng
I've met the real Mrs. Feng, not you
Is that right? Yan Chen is really married.
What should I do?
I'm going home to ask my parents
What you just said
It is to admit that you impersonated Mrs. Feng
If so
I hope you don't impersonate again in the future.
I don't want to embarrass you by exposing you in front of everyone
Why are you so sad?
Even if I'm not Mrs. Feng
It's not your turn to be the lady
Didn't Brother Sunan make you angry?
This slap is a slap to you, brother
Madam can only be me
You'd better give me your little thought
Not in the stomach
I have ways to get there
You don't think you can work with your wife
You can take the opportunity to seduce Mr. Feng
Brother Song Nan, you have to be shameless
Why do you have so many things to do every day?
Make the lady angry again
You can go to the personnel department to resign by yourself
I'm not him.
The wind is coming
Madam, the wind must know you're here
I came to meet by chance
The lady's style is always so romantic
Madam Feng is always greeting you
Obviously want to say hello to me
I'm going to bring Fu Yanchen here
See how Erru pretends to be